well it's move-in day here at Notre Dame
and the notre dame women's soccer team
was moving into alumni stadium for the
2014 season the first season under new
head coach to race aroma no lo center of
the field andrews with space let's fly
off the crossbar rebound loosen it spoke
toad no flag up and it's one-nothing
Notre Dame it was awesome you know I had
a good crowd you know I know the girls
were excited it was definitely a hot day
and I think you know coming off you know
the illinois game you know i think we
showed a little bit that you know we're
a little bit tired and still getting you
know our fitness for the season but
overall I was really pleased with the
effort that way or that we put on the
field the Irish chances would come early
and often and Notre Dame would finally
break through in the 27th minute as
freshman Kaitlyn Clavin der would not
come the rebound off a Morgan and rashad
for her first career goal even in some
of our scrimmages we had some key
freshman step up and today again you
know Caitlyn colander came up big for us
you know off the bench you know there's
a lot of talent within that class you
know but we also have a very strong
returning group so you know I think with
a team of 33 it's going to be an ongoing
battle to get on the field this year
Irish pressure would continue in the
second half and senior Lauren boboy
scored two goals just 12 minutes apart
to put the game out of reach she floats
it forward again no offsides call bowler
boy turns she lets fly and scores she's
huge for us I mean she brings great
senior leadership great skill on the
ball you know what she brings I think
that's you know most valued for us is
her mentality you know she gets after
defensively you know on the front line
she's just she's always in the right
spot at the right time she likes to go
1v1 and she wants to win Notre Dame wins
the home opener 320 the Irish will be
back in action on Friday here at alumni
stadium at seven-thirty p.m. when they
host Texas Tech for fighting irish
digital media i'm meghan bastide Oh go
Irish